well it's such a such a great great
[Music]
she's there everywhere um yeah I see
you've been familiarizing yourself with
our our obedience disk it's a little
invention of mine by the way
you know some people find it kind of
erotic what walk with me I'm gonna tell
you something obedience disk I've never
been crazy about that name I'm supposed
to be a placeholder until I can think of
something better but everybody started
to call him obedience I didn't hear
anything but weren't those like sparkles
out of your fingers like lightning may
be really the cottage of cousin oh good
yeah there he is hey cuz we almost
couldn't couldn't find you what you been
hiding hmm so admit what you did
Carlo what you said it was only a small
camels why did you do it as small camels
I was scambling gambling I don't know
what that means gambling with the camel
oh let's go camping you just said it was
camping oh this no so bad camping is bad
but what you really do I was gambling
death blings
Oh gambling hmm Carlo I pardon you
they do it again though right
officially officially pardoned from life
[Applause]